
750 Post!
Sen Fre California
9 Goodwill
Roadwill SAN FRANCISCO BAY
Rights and Grievance Policies (3 pages including receipt)
Grievance Procedures
TTY
PHONE
(415) 575
(415) 575
(415) 575-
FAX
As a participant in a Goodwill program, you have the right to be treated respectfully and fairly at all times. If you feel that you have not been treated respectfully or fairly, you have the right to make an informal complaint or file a formal grievance. Making a complaint or grievance will not result in retaliation or barriers to service. (Note: If you enter transitional employment, you will then need to follow the employee complaint procedure located in the employee handbook.)
1) Informal Complaint.
1. If comfortable doing so, request meeting with person with whom you have the complaint within five days of the incident or problem to see if you can resolve it with him/her.
2. If the problem is not resolved or you do not feel comfortable with the above:
a)
b)
Talk to your Primary Staff (Career Advisor)
For problem with Primary staff, talk to the Senior Workforce Development Director Name: Megan Kenny, mkenny@sfgoodwill.org
II) Formal Complaint
If you feel that your complaint has not been resolved by the above procedures, you may file a formal grievance by submitting your complaint in writing to the Senior Workforce Development Director. Name: Megan Kenny, mkenny@sfgoodwill.org
The Program Director help you write the complaint as necessary. You need to make this formal complaint within five days of receiving response from the informal complaint.
If the problem is still unresolved, you may provide the written complaint to the President & CEO. Name: William Rogers, Email: wrogers@sfgoodwill.org
You need to do this within five days of receiving response from the Program Director.
In any of the above meetings, you may have your primary staff and / or an advocate present.
In all cases, the recipient of the complaint will provide you a written response within five days from receiving the complaint.
At any time, you may also use external legal services to assist with your complaint, and/or the services from your funder, referral agency, or other sources.
Goodwill Human Resource Department, Phone # (415) 575-2100