
SAN FRANCISCO
office of Economic and workforce Development
Chy and County of San Franciscw Office of Mayor London trest Economic and Workforce Development inanan Torres, Grace
PARTICIPANT RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The Office of Economic and Workforce Development (OEWD) is fortunate to be able to use fonds apposed by the faders and City government to assist you in your preparation and search for employment. This document gode gran Information about the program, what you can expect from it and what will be expected of you. The d
the program you are now enrolled in, is available to assist you with any additional question or problems you may
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Each participant has the responsibility to participate and cooperate in efforts to increase his/her potential for secoming gloves All participants are expected to:
* Participate to the best of his/her abilities.
* Adhere to the policies and procedures of the program.
* Conduct himself/herself in a manner that is not dangerous or disruptive
* Report to the agency any change of address or phone number.
Participate in job search activities.
* Provide employment information to agency or OEWD staff throughout the follow-up period
As a Classroom Training Participant, you are expected to attend every scheduled training session and to antive on time. Continual tardiness and/or excessive absences may be cause for termination from the program. There may be times when attendance is Impossible; in such cases you should inform your Instructor or counselor and let them know of your situation
As an On-the-Job Training Employee:
In an on-the-job training position you are considered a regular employee your first day on the job. As an employee you must follow the personnel policies and procedures of your employer. If you have any questions about your job or responsibilities, contact the p developer who assisted you in obtaining your position.
IN CASE OF INJURY OR ACCIDENT WHILE PARTICIPATING IN CEWD ACTIVITIES
Staff at your program agency or training/job site will inform you of the emergency procedures.
UMITATIONS
Nepotism. You may be prevented from participating in a particular program if you are closely related to someone curently employed in an administrative capacity at that agency or OEWD. If you have a relative in a supervisory or management position an the agency where you want to receive training or at OEWD, check with your counselor for further clarification
Hatch Act. There are some restrictions on involvement in political activities while receiving federally funded training Although you may express opinions on political subjects and candidates, take an active part in political campaigns, make contributions to a political party or organization and ask for voluntary contributions, you should not be involved in those activities during the hours when you are on the job or during class hours.
BENEFITS WHILE PARTICIPATING IN AN OEWD FUNDED PROGRAM
There is no cost for participating in an OEWD funded program. If an agency attempts to collect a "fee" of any kind, immediately contact OEWD at (415) 701-4848. Ask for the Equal Opportunity Officer.
Participant in Classroom Training:
As a classroom training program participant, you may be eligible for supportive services, including transportation (Fast Pass, BART ticket), and childcare assistance. Please check with the counselor at your training program for information on what is the procedures for receiving such supportive services.
lable and
Speak with the counselor at the agency which operates the program you are enrolled in for information about childcare assistance Your counselor will provide you with a childcare information sheet, which explains the requirements and benefits available. In most cases, childcare assistance is available during the entire period you are in training. If you have special childcare needs, speak with your counselor.
Participant in On-the-Job Training Position:
While employed in a training position, you will receive wages in return for work performed under specific commitments made by your employer. The wages you receive are subject to income tax withholding and (in some cases) other deductions
If
you are currently receiving Unemployment Insurance (UI) benefits you may continue to receive these benefits while enrolled in a Workforce Investment and Opportunity Act (WIOA) classroom training program. You are not eligible, however, for Ull benefits if you are a participant in an on-the-job training position subsidized with WIOA funds.
One South Van Ness Avenue, 5th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94103
CIL AND
IKAND
、 (415)701-4848 e (415)701-4857) pwd.org
☐ workforce development@sgow.org