
SAN FRANCISCO
City and County of San Francisco: Office of Mayor London N. Breed Economk and Workforce Development: Joaquin Torres, Director
JOE KEY
RELEASE OF INFORMATION
do hereby give the Office of Economic and Workforce Wands desences permission to obtain information related to my employment and 1 comes from the files of state government agencies, and from other Wams of measuring and reporting on the effectiveness of Workforce Development employment and wage outcomes. "Workforce Development Programs" are framing and preparation, job placement, and/or job retention and
ves to employed and under-employed people.
Traployment nation that may be obtained includes: employer name and contact information, dates or employmmenk je the wage information, quarterly earnings, full-time/part-time status, including week benets received reasons for termination (if applicable), performance amerih, ciplinary records, and personnel data of any kind.
Education or trefie information that may be obtained includes: educational or training institution name and contact information dates of enrolment in education or training programs, types of degrees of certificates Obeled grades, and other educational performance assessments.
OFWD has my permission to release any and all information pertaining to me obtained from any source, Including bon et waited to employment and education information and personally identifiable Information, for the purposes of administering Workforce Development Programs and complying with reporting requirements set by other government agencies, to entities including, but not limited to the following the Department of Labor (0.0.1) California State Labor and Workforce Development Agency, San Francisco Human Services Agency (H.S.A.). Department of Rehabilitation (DOR), San Francisco Housing Authorky, San Francisco Unified School District (SFUSD), City College of San Francisco (CCSF), OzWe grantees funded by Workforce Innovation And Opportunity Act (WIOA), Community Development & Black Grant (CD2c), City and County San Francisco General Fund, Workforce Link, and other partners Involved in the administration of workforce programming.
This release will remain valid for three (3) years after completion of services. I understand that I can discontinue this authorisation at any time by sending a written notice to OEWD by mail at the address listed below or by email to workforce development@sfgov.org. By signing, I certify that I have read (or had read to me) and understood all of the information contained on this form.
ནས་སྤྱིར་ག་ཐོག་མ་མ་ཡིག་
Signature
01.01.2024
Date
One South van Ness Area 5th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94103
CY AND
(415)701-4848 (415)701-4897 à oewd.org
➡ workforce development@sfgov.org
July 1, 2020