
NONDISCRIMINATION AND EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
It is against the law to discriminate against:
Any Individual in the United States, on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, political affiliation or belly and * Any beneficiary of programs, financially assisted under OEWD programs on the basis of the beneficiary's citbenship/status as a lawfully admited Immigrant authorized to work in the United States, or his or her participation in any DEWD program or activity.
OEWD and its subcontractors cannot discriminate in any of the following areas:
Deciding who will have access to any OEWD program or activity, or
Treatment of program participants, or
Employment decisions in the administration of, or connection with, such a program or activity.
If you think you have been subjected to discrimination, you may file a complaint within one hundred eighty (140) days from the date of the alleged violation with OEWD's Equal Opportunity Officer Alfredo Fajardo, at One South Van Ness Avenue, 5 Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103. Or you may contact the Director, Civil Rights Center (CRC), U.S. Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue, NW, Room M-4123, Washington DC. 20210. If you start by filing your complaint with OEWD, you must wall either until DEWD issues a written Notice of Final Action, or until 90 days have passed (whichever is sooner), before filing with the Civil Rights Center.
If OEWD does not give a written Notice of Final Action within 90 days of the day on which you filed your complaint, you do not have to wait for DEWD to issue that Notice before filing with the CRC. However, you must file your CRC complaint within 30 days after the 90-day deadline (in other words, within 120 days after the day on which you filed your complaint with OEWD).
If OEWD does give you a written Notice of Final Action on your complaint, and you are dissatisfied with the decision or resolution, you may file> complaint with the CRC. You must file your CRC complaint within 30 days of the date on which you received the Notice of Final Action.
GRIEVANCE RIGHTS
As an individual participating in an OEWD funded program, you have certain rights and responsibilities. Under the Code of Federal Regulations 20 CFR 667.600(g)(1), 24CFR570.431 and San Francisco Chapter Appendix F1.107, you have the right to grieve the terms and conditions of employment and/o training. Please contact your counselor if you feel that you have been unfairly treated. Every agency has grievance procedures within its personnel procedures that detail the terms and conditions of your services, training and/or employment. The agency, which operates the program you are enrolled in should give you a copy of these rights and responsibilities and be able to explain them to you. It is important that you follow these procedures. If you feel that your agency is not following the procedures, contact OEWD. You will be asked to provide the individual responding to your concern with complete and accurate information In order to follow up on your complaint.
You have the right to allege a violation of the regulations, grant(s), or other agreements under DEWD. If you feel that a violation has occurred, you may file a complaint in writing with OEWD. For specific Information on filing a grievance, please contact OEWD. A strict timeline is required for filing a complaint (within one year of its occurrence). You also have the right to request technical assistance with filing a complaint, and may call (415) 701- 4848 for more Information on how to file.
OEWD may schedule an informal complaint resolution meeting prior to the administrative hearing. At the informal complaint resolution meeting an attempt to resolve the complaint will take place. If and when the complaint has been informally resolved, OFWD shall attempt to contact you and request you provide a written withdrawal within 10 days of the informal resolution
If an informal resolution cannot be reached, OEWD will schedule an administrative hearing within 30 days from the receipt of a written complaint. You must be notified in writing of the administrative hearing 10 days prior to the date of the hearing.
After the hearing, OEWD will issue a decision on your case within 60 days. If a decision is not reached within 60 days or you receive an adverse decision you may further appeal in writing to:
o WIOA - Chief, EDD Compliance Review Division, P. D. Box 826880, Sacramento, CA 94280-0001.
o CDBG - Regional Administrator, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, 600 Harrison Street, 3 Floor, San Francisco, CA 94107-1300 o General Fund - Whistleblower Program, Office of the Controller, City Hall Room 316, 1 Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place, San Francisco, CA 94102-4694 o H-1B/RTW/CCPT/AAG - The Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP), U.S. DOL, 200 Constitution Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C.
20210
IF YOU HAVE PROBLEMS
Staff is available at the agency which operates the program you are enrolled in to provide referral information or for other personal, language, or job related problems. We hope this information is a useful introduction to OE WD programs and that you will successfully reach your employment goal.
This is to certify that I have received copy of the Participant Rights and Responsibilities Information Sheet. I have read the complaint procedures and understand the steps to follow if I have a complaint against a program operated by OEWD. My counselor has explained these procedures to me verbally and I fully understand this process. I understand that a full copy of these procedures is available to me upon request.
Paraph Kell км
01-01-2024
Participant Signature
Date
Career Advisor/Case Manager Signature
Date
9/2018
1 Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place, Room 448
CITYAND
San Francisco, CA 94102 | www.oewd.org
P: 415.554.6969 I. 415-554,6018